So we want to publish all location.
But if we have a look at it on our local device it's not looking that Bridie default.
I can use the default cordovan I can.
The title is kind of a working title not really and highly want to have a four hour apt to sit on user's
home screens.
And if we open his application we see the Stiefel splash screen as loading screen which is also not
that beautiful.
So overall not really how we want to publish it.
There are some things we should tweak first tweak some settings and also change the icon and splash
screen we're using.
So in the next lectures we're going to have a look at how we can use our own icons and splash screens
before we then dive into changing the settings before we then dive into the actual publishing process
.